Send a funny selfie to the group.
Sing a song out loud.
Send your first pic of friendship day.
Put a WhatsApp status that you are in love with your friend.
Do 20 pushups.
Sing a song chosen by the group.
Do your best impersonation of someone in the room.
Dance with no music for 1 minute.
Let someone write a word on your forehead in a marker.
Wear socks on your hands until your next turn.
Speak in an accent for the next three rounds.
Let another player redo your hairstyle.
Do your best chicken dance outside on the lawn.
Post something embarrassing on social media.
Let someone tickle you for 30 seconds.
Try to lick your elbow.
Do 20 squats.
Wear a funny hat for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Talk in a robot voice for the next 5 minutes.
Let another player draw on your face with a pen.
Pretend to be a waiter/waitress and take snack orders from everyone in the group.
Try to juggle 3 items chosen by the group.
Put on a blindfold and let someone feed you something.
Hold a plank for 1 minute.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Act like a monkey until it’s your turn again.
Let someone give you a new hairstyle.
Sing everything you say for the next 10 minutes.
Eat a raw onion slice.
Let someone else text anyone in your contacts.
Wear your shoes on your hands for the next 10 minutes.
Balance a spoon on your nose for 10 seconds.
Pretend to be a cat and meow until your next turn.
Put ice cubes down your shirt.
Act like a clown until your next turn.
Eat a raw egg.
Do your best evil laugh.
Speak in a high-pitched voice until your next turn.
Do your best impression of a celebrity until someone guesses who you are.
Let the person to your right redo your makeup.
Do the worm dance.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Hold your breath for 10 seconds.
Eat a teaspoon of hot sauce.
Let someone pour a glass of cold water over your head.
Imitate a famous person until another player can guess who you are.
Do 10 jumping jacks and shout “I love [something]” with each one.
Do an impression of someone until another player can guess who you are.
Let someone go through your phone for one minute.
Do your best impression of an animal chosen by the group.
Dance like a ballerina for one minute.
Try to do a split.
Speak in a different language for the next 3 turns.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Let another player redo your makeup.
Pretend to be a superhero until it’s your turn again.
Let someone tickle you for one minute.
Pretend to be a waiter/waitress and take snack orders from everyone in the group.
Let someone else do your hair.
Let someone text anyone in your contacts.
Put on as many layers of clothes as you can.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Do your best celebrity impression.
Eat a slice of lemon.
Let someone crack an egg on your head.
Wear a blindfold for the next 3 rounds.
Talk in a deep voice until your next turn.
Pretend to be a dog until your next turn.
Eat a raw garlic clove.
Do your best dance move right now.
Let someone write a word on your forehead with a marker.
Let someone give you a new hairstyle.
Wear socks on your hands until your next turn.
Let another player draw on your face with a pen.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
Try to lick your elbow.
Do your best zombie impression.
Let someone tickle you for 30 seconds.
Wear your shoes on your hands for the next 10 minutes.
Dance with no music for 1 minute.
Do 20 pushups.
Pretend to be a waiter and take snack orders from everyone in the group.
Let someone feed you a mystery food while you are blindfolded.
Wear a silly hat for the next hour.
Do 20 squats.
Let someone give you a face tattoo with a marker.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Try to juggle three items chosen by the group.
Do your best chicken dance outside on the lawn.
Speak in an accent for the next 5 minutes.
Sing the national anthem.
Try to do a cartwheel.
Wear your clothes backward for the next hour.
Let someone crack an egg on your head.
Do your best impression of someone in the room.
Wear socks on your hands until your next turn.
Take a shot of hot sauce.
Send a flirty text to someone of the group’s choosing.
Post an embarrassing photo on social media.
Do a seductive dance for 1 minute.
Kiss the person to your left.
Let someone give you a hickey.
Let the group go through your phone for 2 minutes.
Read out loud the last text message you received.
Let someone draw something on your body with a marker.
Do your best impression of someone in the room for 2 minutes.
Let someone else choose an outfit for you to wear for the next hour.
Send a voice note to your crush confessing your feelings.
Eat a raw onion slice.
Give a lap dance to someone of the group’s choosing.
Let someone write a word on your forehead with a marker.
Take a shot of something chosen by the group.
Let someone else post something on your social media account.
Do 10 pushups while someone sits on your back.
Put ice cubes down your shirt and keep them there until they melt.
Dance with no music for 2 minutes.
Pretend to be the opposite gender for the next 10 minutes.
Give someone a foot massage for 2 minutes.
Wear your clothes backward for the next hour.
Make out with your hand passionately.
Try to do a seductive striptease (keep your clothes on).
Hold hands with the person next to you for 5 minutes.
Sing your favorite song in a sexy voice.
Let someone write a suggestive text and send it to a random person in your contacts.
Let someone spank you.
Speak in a flirty voice for the next 3 turns.
Sit on someone’s lap for the next round.
Eat a spoonful of mustard or hot sauce.
Do 20 jumping jacks in your underwear.
Share your most embarrassing sexual experience.
Act like a flirtatious character from a movie for 3 minutes.
Lick something off of someone’s finger.
Take a selfie with a funny or suggestive pose and send it to a random contact.
Wear socks on your hands for the next 3 rounds.
Let someone pour a drink on your head.
Show the last 5 photos in your camera roll.
Do your best impression of a moaning sound.
Write an embarrassing message on your social media and leave it up for 10 minutes.
Let someone go through your browsing history.
Send a flirty message to your ex.
Do 10 squats while holding a sexy pose.
Put on as many layers of clothes as you can in 2 minutes.
Act out a romantic scene with someone in the group.
Swap shirts with the person next to you.