What is your biggest fear?
Have you ever lied to get out of a situation?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done?
How many holes are in your inner wear?
How many times have you cried?
What are the things that make you happy?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your biggest regret?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
What is the meanest thing you have ever done?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Have you ever stolen something?
What is the worst thing you have said to someone?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
What is the most illegal thing you have done?
Have you ever lied to your parents?
What is something you have done that you are ashamed of?
Have you ever faked being sick to skip school?
What is the most trouble you have been in?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Have you ever been caught in a lie?
What is something you have never told anyone?
Have you ever been in love?
What is the most awkward date you have been on?
Have you ever been rejected by someone you liked?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Have you ever spread a rumor?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What is your worst habit?
Have you ever been jealous of a friend?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of a crush?
Have you ever snooped through someone’s phone or computer without them knowing?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
Have you ever broken someone’s heart?
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
Have you ever pretended to like someone to be nice?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done while drunk?
Have you ever had a crush on someone your friend was dating?
What is the worst thing you have ever said about someone else?
Have you ever cheated in a relationship?
What is something you have done that you would never do again?
Have you ever blamed someone else for something you did?
What is the most awkward thing you have said to someone you liked?
Have you ever lied about your age?
What is your biggest secret?
Have you ever been caught cheating?
What is something you are really bad at?
Have you ever been caught doing something you should not have been doing?
What is the most disgusting habit you have?
Have you ever ghosted someone?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
Have you ever stalked someone on social media?
What is your biggest weakness?
Have you ever lied to your boss?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your browser history?
Have you ever been caught in a lie in front of a group of people?
What is the most embarrassing outfit you have ever worn?
Have you ever lied to avoid a social event?
What is the biggest mistake you have made in a relationship?
Have you ever kissed someone you did not like?
What is the most awkward conversation you have ever had?
Have you ever lied to get out of trouble?
What is the worst thing you have done to get revenge?
Have you ever let someone else take the blame for something you did?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have done for attention?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s significant other?
What is the most inappropriate time you have laughed?
Have you ever been in a physical fight?
What is the worst thing you have ever done while drunk?
Have you ever pretended to be someone you are not?
What is the worst gift you have ever received?
Have you ever lied on a job application?
What is something you have done that you regret?
Have you ever been caught gossiping?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done at work?
Have you ever pretended to know something you did not?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in public?
Have you ever lied about liking a gift?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of your parents?
Have you ever stolen something from work?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have posted on social media?
Have you ever lied to a significant other?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done at a party?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have done out of anger?
Have you ever lied to protect someone’s feelings?
What is the worst thing you have done while angry?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
What is something you have done that you are proud of?
Have you ever lied to get out of a relationship?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done on a date?
Have you ever been caught sneaking out?
What is something you have done that you would never admit to your parents?
Have you ever gotten a tattoo you regret?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of a crush?
Have you ever been caught cheating in a game?
What is something you have done that you would never tell anyone?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of your crush?
Have you ever lied to make someone like you?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done while drunk?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you in bed?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What is your wildest fantasy?
Have you ever been caught doing something you should not have?
What is the most inappropriate crush you have ever had?
What is the biggest secret you have kept from your family?
Have you ever sent a text to the wrong person? What did it say?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have done while drunk?
What is something you have never told anyone?
Have you ever been in love with someone you should not have?
What is the most scandalous photo you have ever taken?
Have you ever cheated on someone? If yes, why?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done in front of a mirror?
What is the most awkward date you have ever been on?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s partner?
What is the craziest thing you have done to get someone’s attention?
What is the most unusual place you have ever hooked up?
Have you ever lied to get out of a relationship?
What is the most money you have ever spent on something ridiculous?
Have you ever sent a sext? What did it say?
What is your biggest turn-off?
Have you ever lied to your partner about where you were?
What is the most flirtatious thing you have ever done?
What is the worst thing you have ever done while drunk?
Have you ever had feelings for a teacher or boss?
What is the kinkiest thing you have ever tried?
Have you ever been attracted to someone of the same gender?
What is the most daring thing you have done in public?
Have you ever lied about your age to get something you wanted?
What is the most outrageous thing you have done for love?
Have you ever been caught in a lie by someone you care about?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your search history?
Have you ever had a secret relationship?
What is the most inappropriate thing you have ever said during a date?
Have you ever gone out with someone just because you were bored?
What is the most jealous you have ever felt?
What is the worst date you have ever been on?
Have you ever fantasized about someone you should not have?
What is the most ridiculous reason you have ever broken up with someone?
Have you ever been in a love triangle?
What is the most awkward thing you have done to impress someone?
Have you ever flirted with a stranger just for fun?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you at work?
Have you ever lied about being in a relationship?
What is the most outrageous lie you have ever told to get out of trouble?
Have you ever hooked up with someone just to make someone else jealous?
What is the most humiliating thing you have done for love?
Have you ever gone out with someone just because you felt sorry for them?
What is the most shocking thing you have ever done to get revenge?
What is the most intimate detail you have ever shared with someone?Has anyone ever scolded you?
